Update integrators guide (#90)
onmax/nimiq-developer-center: migration/migration-integrators.md

# Guide for Integrators and Exchanges

> This guide outlines the key steps and requirements for integrators, such as exchanges, who want to set up and operate a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) node on the Nimiq blockchain. It provides detailed information on node types, hardware requirements, and configuration options to facilitate an efficient integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide outlines the key steps and requirements for integrators, such as exchanges, who want to set up and operate a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) node for the Nimiq blockchain. It provides detailed information on node types, hardware requirements and configuration options to facilitate an efficient integration.
```

> ### General Considerations for Different Node Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### General Considerations for different Node types
```

| Full | Minimum 8GB RAM | Minimum 4 vCPUs, 8 recommended | Minimum 80GB of storage, 160GB recommended | High-speed, reliable internet connection; Good I/O performance (SSDs recommended) | Sync time grows linearly but slowly |
| Light | 1GB RAM recommended | 64-bit recommended | Works with minimal storage | Moderate-speed internet connection (e.g., 1 Mbps or higher) | Syncs in a few seconds |

### JSON-RPC Interface

> The JSON-RPC interface provides methods for generating addresses, creating/sending transactions, and retrieving balances/transactions by address and hash. These methods remain consistent across the PoS JSON-RPC interface. The full specification is available here: [PoS JSON-RPC Specification](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/).

Reviewer: Wdym with `These methods remain consistent across the PoS JSON-RPC interface.`?

> The JSON-RPC interface provides methods for generating addresses, creating/sending transactions, and retrieving balances/transactions by address and hash. These methods remain consistent across the PoS JSON-RPC interface. The full specification is available here: [PoS JSON-RPC Specification](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON-RPC interface provides methods for generating addresses, creating/sending transactions, retrieving balances and much more. These methods remain consistent across the PoS JSON-RPC interface. The full specification is available here: [PoS JSON-RPC Specification](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/).
```

7. [`createBasicTransaction`](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/#createbasictransaction): Create a signed transaction and returns a hex-encoded representation without broadcasting it. All `create*Transaction` RPC methods also have an equivalent `send*Transaction` version in order to create and broadcast the transaction one-go.
8. [`sendRawTransaction`](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/#sendrawtransaction): Sends the given serialized and signed transaction to the network.

### PoW Account and Transaction history
Nimiq has transitioned from a PoW system to a PoS system. For those needing access to historical transaction data before the PoS genesis block, a read-only database of the PoW chain is available and can be queried using the [JSON-RPC interface](#json-rpc-interface).

> Pre-genesis transactions use a different format compared to PoS transactions. Instructions on how to handle and query these pre-genesis transactions will be provided in a future update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PoW transactions use a different data serialization format compared to PoS transactions. Instructions on how to handle and query these PoW transactions will be provided in a future update.
```

7. [`createBasicTransaction`](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/#createbasictransaction): Create a signed transaction and returns a hex-encoded representation without broadcasting it. All `create*Transaction` RPC methods also have an equivalent `send*Transaction` version in order to create and broadcast the transaction one-go.
8. [`sendRawTransaction`](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/set-up-your-own-node/rpc-docs/#sendrawtransaction): Sends the given serialized and signed transaction to the network.

> #### Legacy Data Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PoW Account and Transaction history
```

> The ability to fetch transactions from before the PoS genesis (PoW transactions) will be documented in a future update. These transactions use a different format compared to PoS transactions. Instructions on how to handle and query these pregenesis transactions will be provided soon.

Reviewer: Here I would add a small alinea explaining that Nimiq has migrated from PoW to PoS by now. And that there is a read-only database of the PoW chain available if it is desired to be able to fetch information prior to the PoS genesis block.

> The ability to fetch transactions from before the PoS genesis (PoW transactions) will be documented in a future update. These transactions use a different format compared to PoS transactions. Instructions on how to handle and query these pregenesis transactions will be provided soon.

Reviewer: A comment for the `Blockchain Explorers` section.

This are the current blockchain explorers:
https://nimiqhub.com (mainnet)
http://nimiq.watch (mainnet)

https://testnet.nimiqhub.com (testnet)
https://test.nimiq.watch (testnet)

Since there is no change for this section in this PR I can't comment on it unfortunately thus commenting it here.
